---
title: Having a website is cool and fun
tags: blog
---

As people talk about moving away from social media and look towards other paths
to community on the web, I have been thinking a lot about how people have
forgotten the importance of a personal website.

I know plenty of people who promote themselves online but don't have any web
presence beyond social media. For a couple of years, I let my website fall into
neglect.

Like most other musicians, DJs, and business owners, I've felt like leaving
social media is nearly impossible. It's where I announce shows, promote my
projects, connect with like-minded people, and have fun. The idea of moving away
from it is terrifying... what if it all disappears?

But the connections we build through Instagram, Tiktok, and Twitter are not
entirely our own. They filter through obfuscated algorithms that dictate what
people see. We worry about getting "shadowbanned" or wonder why our event flyer
isn't getting as much engagement. We re-structure our speech and our content to
try and satisfy the algorithm. Meanwhile, we're fed addictive content, often at
the cost of our well-being. If we step out of line, we risk our content being
removed or fading into digital obscurity.

I always have gone to the web for connection and for fun. But this? This isn't
cool or fun at all.

The solution isn't just hopping over to a new platform.
[Substack supports Nazi newsletters financially](https://www.theguardian.com/media/2024/jan/12/casey-newton-quits-substack-nazi-newsletter).
Medium is a terrible platform to read on. And even though I use Bluesky, it's
just
[Twitter methadone](https://bsky.app/profile/quinnae.com/post/3lgmcrp7sc22j). We
can't trust platforms to stay good.

We can only make the web better by doing it _ourselves_.

Make a website. Make a blog with an RSS feed. Start a newsletter. Visit your
friends' websites.

Be cool. Have fun. ðŸ˜Ž

[^//]:
    #('**Is your content actually _your content_? Is this really "connection"?
    Who gets left out from social media? _Do we really have agency when we use
    algorithmic social media?_**')
